here we go finally alright we're gonna
do another ending this is gonna be a
short video it's just gonna be an
alternate ending for the game I'm
actually shipped a bunch of stuff to get
you to this point on YouTube so you did
not have to watch all the other stuff
again alright so we did J we did so e we
can either do a loan or ryan next of
course Ryan somehow his eyen is
miraculously healed itself and he no
longer needs the eyepatch so he cannot
be a bar or a barber I saw he cannot be
a barber I was gonna say pirate and I
said barber for some reason what the
hell it can't be a barber oh shit I want
to see now can't decide I cannot decide
I'm doing Ryan I want to see it deep
inside I always knew a barber did the
silence around me
let me flood at the end again so Ryan's
a barber gave me a haircut alright here
we go
it took me a while to realize how much
our lifetime
whoa I've been alone sad for so long I
forgotten what it was like to have
someone look the fuck he drops the bag
you know class items is like Shh
she spills all over the street Oh
Oh would I employ a hoodie when we were
down there nests up they also tortured
my genitals I'm sorry they're hideous
this is gonna be bad just really see him
wait a minute are you serious
okay I thought that was it like what far
away's because Oh magic that was the end
I had the one to love again to love a
girl me put my trust in someone to stop
fighting I've been running away
we became hippies I had to learn to live
it's a stupid thing
he's fucking piloting the ship with a
fucking eyepatch it's great as if it all
never happened so this kid thinks
ignores her past wow that sucks this is
a shitty side didn't exist Wow
she completely ignores the supernatural
element of anything as if it could never
come back into our lives and then don't
don't dawn
whoa what's this oops here we go sorry
miss click whoa whoa whoa wall what's
this what's this rent car keys in your
hand what's this it's then straight on
demand what's this you take your bathing
suit off you job buddy
oh what's this oh boy
she turns back he's completely naked
doing meat spin yeah baby
Oh something's gonna happen here
something supernatural is gonna happen
watch because they're trying to pretend
like doesn't exist
oh shit
uh-oh hello it's me
uh-oh still here uh-huh
so in this ending item comes back as
well you're with this asshole again what
the fuck
all the shit I told you you're still
with this asshole god damn it
and then Ryan went and Baron started
digging for the buried treasure cuz he's
a pirate yes are we really here to
search for booty and you're got a flat
one honey
alright so in this future vision is she
by herself she is by herself
I tell myself it's only nightmares but I
know it's not true
once Pandora's box is open
and never be close
oh shit
what is it
surprised that wasn't hiding that girl
sat on the sand that was me Peter
it wasn't iDEN
okay that's an interesting ending as
well we still got another one to do I'll
be doing that in a future session if
you're watching this on youtube you
Meghan you know many of you live for now
though for this session this is the last
video and on upside for today so I hope
you enjoyed the return Wow the return to
three on three souls for now I may come
back a future day for more heater she's
magnificent